Add GitLab HTTPS auth to bootstrap options (#351)
fluxcd/toolkit: docs/guides/installation.md

  --personal
```

To run the bootstrap for a repository using deploy keys for authentication, you have to specify the SSH hostname:

```sh
gotk bootstrap gitlab \
  --ssh-hostname=gitlab.com \
  --owner=my-gitlab-username \
  --repository=my-repository \
  --branch=master \
  --path=my-cluster
```

!!! hint "Authentication"

>     When providing the `--ssh-hostname`, a readonly deploy key will be added 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When providing the `--ssh-hostname`, a read-only (SSH) deploy key will be added 
```

    to your repository, otherwise your GitLab personal token will be used to

>     authenticate against the HTTPS endpoint instead of SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    authenticate against the HTTPS endpoint instead.
```
